OSDOCS#12596: Document the 4.15.38 z-stream release note (#84781)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

====

//4.15.38
[id="ocp-4-15-38_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:8991 - {product-title} 4.15.38 bug fix and security update

Issued: 13 November 2024

{product-title} release 4.15.38, which includes security updates, is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in this update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8991[RHSA-2024:8991] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in this update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8994[RHSA-2024:8994] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.15.38 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-15-38-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, an invalid or unreachable identity provider (IDP) blocked updates to {hcp}. With this release, the `ValidIDPConfiguration` condition in the `HostedCluster` object now reports any IDP errors and these errors do not block updates of {hcp}. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-44201[*OCPBUGS-44201*])

> * Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) `vSphere `resolv-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were not compatible with old boot image versions {product-title} 4. With this release, {product-title} nodes can scale with a boot image 4.13 or later, manual intervention, or an upgrade to a release with this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42110[*OCPBUGS-42110*])

Reviewer: I _think_ this should be:

```suggestion
* Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO) vSphere `resolv-prepender` script used systemd directives that were not compatible with old boot image versions of {product-title} 4. With this release, {product-title} nodes can scale with a boot image 4.13 or later, manual intervention, or an upgrade to a release with this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42110[*OCPBUGS-42110*])
```
The final sentence is a little hard to parse to me. Might be that I'm reviewing too early in my day, but double check. :)

> * Previously, when the Image Registry Operator was configured in Azure with `networkAccess:Internal`, you could not successfully set `managementState` to `Removed` in the Operator configuration, This was because an authorization error occurred when the Operator started to delete the storage. With this release, the Operator successfully deletes the storage account, which automatically deletes the storage container. The `managementState` in the Operator configuration is updated to the `Removed` state. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43656[*OCPBUGS-43656*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, when the Image Registry Operator was configured in {azure-short} with `networkAccess:Internal`, you could not successfully set `managementState` to `Removed` in the Operator configuration. This issue was caused by an authorization error that occurred when the Operator started to delete the storage. With this release, the Operator successfully deletes the storage account, which automatically deletes the storage container. The `managementState` in the Operator configuration is updated to the `Removed` state. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43656[*OCPBUGS-43656*])
```

> * Previously, when the Image Registry Operator was configured in {azure-short} with `networkAccess:Internal`, you could not successfully set `managementState` to `Removed` in the Operator configuration. This issue was caused by an authorization error that occurred when the Operator started to delete the storage. With this release, the Operator successfully deletes the storage account, which automatically deletes the storage container. The `managementState` in the Operator configuration is updated to the `Removed` state. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43656[*OCPBUGS-43656*])

Reviewer: The backticked terms should generally be functioning as adjectives here. E.g., "The `managementState` property/status in the Operator configuration..." or whatever.
